title: Charles Edward Payne & Ellie Jackson @ Olbrich Botanical Gardens
event-date: 2022-11-04
event-time: TBA
event-location: Olbrich Botanical Gardens | 3330 Atwood Avenue, Madison, WI 53704
template: event
thumbnail: 2022-11-04_olbrich-gardens/event_thumbnail.png

### Charles Edward Payne 

Charles Payne won Arts + Literature Laboratory’s inaugural ALL Originals Prize for his poems **“Dead End”** and **“Dinner with a Pig.”** This was his first national publication. Charles Payne is a Madison transplant, a certified teacher, and a self-taught social artist from Michigan. As a child, he loved hearing the sound of Paul Harvey’s voice, their innate ability to describe every intricate detail truly inspired Charles to tell stories himself. And, yes, Charles can’t wait to give you the rest of the story.

### Ellie Jackson

Ellie Jackson delivers determined vulnerability exploring emotions through guitars, stories, amplification and a careful balance of harmony and dissonance that creates pulpy, electro folk rock songs you may find in a context less frequently tied to Milwaukee.

Born on the East coast but raised by the Midwest, Ellie Jackson has been writing music her whole life, processing the weight of the world and searching for her place in it. Since starting to play publicly in 2017, she's joined bills with countless Milwaukee artists as well as national touring acts. You'll often find her joining forces on stage with songwriting sensations such as Caley Conway and Lady Cannon. 

In 2020, she released her first single "Underneath Us," and is working on a debut album she plans to drop before the end of 2022. 